README.md, before:

# jUtilities

[![Codacy Badge](https://app.codacy.com/project/badge/Grade/4d03276c339f404988e2e03a3e85f0ef)](https://www.codacy.com/gh/kareem-ghazi/jUtilities/dashboard?utm_source=github.com&amp;utm_medium=referral&amp;utm_content=kareem-ghazi/jUtilities&amp;utm_campaign=Badge_Grade)
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-red.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
![Repository Status](https://img.shields.io/badge/Status-Active-brightgreen)

**jUtilities** is a collection of various utilities and projects made with Java.

## Features

These are currently the **only completed** features of jUtilities (ordered from **oldest** to **newest**).

- QuizMaker - Create quizzes, play them, and print out their results.
- AgeCalculator - Calculates your current age and other cool things using your birthdate.
  
## Feedback

If you have any feedback or code suggestions, please reach out to k.ghazi2005@gmail.com or open an issue request.

## Authors

- [@kareem-ghazi](https://www.github.com/kareem-ghazi)

Commit message:

Update README.md with installation section

README.md, after:

# jUtilities

[![Codacy Badge](https://app.codacy.com/project/badge/Grade/4d03276c339f404988e2e03a3e85f0ef)](https://www.codacy.com/gh/kareem-ghazi/jUtilities/dashboard?utm_source=github.com&amp;utm_medium=referral&amp;utm_content=kareem-ghazi/jUtilities&amp;utm_campaign=Badge_Grade)
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-red.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
![Repository Status](https://img.shields.io/badge/Status-Active-brightgreen)

**jUtilities** is a collection of various utilities and projects made with Java.

## Features

These are currently the **only completed** features of jUtilities (ordered from **oldest** to **newest**).

  - QuizMaker - Create quizzes, play them, and print out their results.
  - AgeCalculator - Calculates your current age and other cool things using your birthdate.

## Installation

You can install this project in **two** ways.

  - Clone using git: `git clone https://github.com/kareem-ghazi/jUtilities.git`
  - Open in gitpod: 
  
    [![Open in Gitpod](https://gitpod.io/button/open-in-gitpod.svg)](https://gitpod.io/#https://github.com/kareem-ghazi/jUtilities)

## Feedback

If you have any feedback or code suggestions, please reach out to k.ghazi2005@gmail.com or open an issue request.

## Authors

  - [@kareem-ghazi](https://www.github.com/kareem-ghazi)
